The charsetg_reset function populates the
charsetg array with the graphic characters of
the basic character set (N2176 5.2.1). See also
"The charsetg array."
  The charsetg array. After a call to the
charsetg_reset function, the charsetg array
contains a graphic character of the basic
character set for each value in the range of
values that can be stored in an unsigned char
object. In particular, if x designates an
unsigned char object, is less than or equal to
CHAR_MAX and ( char ) x is one of the graphic
characters of the basic character
set, then charsetg [ x ] == x. For all other
values of x, charsetg [ x ] == charsetp_default,
except that charsetg [ ' ' ] ==
charsetg_default. See also "The charsetg_default
char object" and "The estream_putc function."
  The charsetg_default char object specifies
which graphic character from the basic character
set (N2176 5.2.1) is substituted for the space
character when building the charsetg array. See
also "The charsetg array."
