The charsetp_reset function populates the
charsetp array with the printing characters of
the basic character set (N2176 5.2.1). See also
"The charsetp array."
  The charsetp array. After a call to the
charsetp_reset function, the charsetp array
contains a printing character of the basic
character set for each value in the range of
values that can be stored in an unsigned char
object. In particular, if x designates an
unsigned char object, is less than or equal
to CHAR_MAX and ( char ) x is one of
the printing character of the basic character
set, then charsetp [ x ] == x. For all other
values of x, charsetp [ x ] ==
charsetp_default. See also "The charsetp_default
char object" and "The estream_putc function."
  The charsetp_default char object specifies
which printing character from the basic
character set (N2176 5.2.1) is substituted for
each character that is not among the printing
characters of the basic character set when
building the charsetp array. See also "The
charsetp array."
