Standard Error Stream Handling
==============================

The standard error stream shall be line-
buffered.


Character Display Semantics
---------------------------

### Interface

An indirect interface to the display device
connected to the standard error stream (the
display) is provided by the "estream.h" header
file and associated object code.
  Only if all writes to the standard error stream
are accomplished via the "estream.h" interface
(whether directly or indirectly), the semantics
herein are enforced.

### Display Width

For the purposes of establishing constraints for
the handling of the standard error stream, the
display is assumed to have the same, finite
number of positions N on each line.  The intent
of the constraints is to prevent unspecified,
undefined, and implementation-defined behavior
and to facilitate well-defined
behavior.

### Active Position

Unless otherwise specified herein, a display
connected to the standard error stream shall
behave according to [N2176 5.2.2], "Character
display semantics."
  Since
  
        "if the active position is at the final position
        "of a line (if there is one), the behavior of
        "the display device is unspecified"
        (N2176 5.2.2-1),

the cursor is not allowed to advance to the
final position.
  Since

        "the intent of writing a printing character...
        "is to display a graphic representation of that
        "character at the active position and then
        "advance the active position to the next
        "position on the current line" (N2176 5.2.2-1),

for a given line, two fewer than N printing
characters shall be written, because writing as
many as one fewer than N printing characters may
cause the active position to be advanced to the
final position of a line.
  Therefore, the maximum number of printing
characters to be printed on a single line is 
two fewer than N.

### Character Set

  The display shall be capable of printing
the graphic characters of the basic source
character set as well as the space character,
i.e., characters from among the basic printing
characters.
  Each character written to the standard error
stream shall shall be a new-line character
(U+000a), a space character (U+0020), or one of
the graphic characters of the basic source
character set.
  The graphic characters of the basic source
character set are

        ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
        abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
        0123456789
        !"#%&'()*+,-./:;<=>?[\]^_{|}~

  The effect of writing a graphic character
shall produce a visible effect on the display:

        "to display a graphic representation of that
        "character at the active position and then
        "advance the active position to the next
        "position on the current line" (N2176 5.2.2).

### Buffering

  The display shall be configured to present
each line of the standard error stream on a
single line of the display. And each line of the
display that presents a line of the standard
error stream shall present no other characters
(e.g., from other sources such as the standard
output stream).

### Spaces

The effect of writing a space character shall
produce a visible effect on the display: a
request to write a space character followed by a
new-line character shall result in a substitute
graphic character being written instead of the
space character, followed by a new-line
character.

### Other Characters

A request to write a character not among
those mentioned above shall be to write a
substitute graphic character from the basic
source character set.


Line Display Semantics
----------------------

Physical lines are separated by end-of-line
indicators, which are the only invisible symbols
permitted to be sent to the display.
  Text is displayed using a two-column system.
The second column contains the---possibly
translated---characters explicitly sent to the
standard error stream. Translation occurs
according to the discussion under the "Spaces"
and "Other Characters" headings, above.
  The first column of each physical line
contains a graphic character that indicates
whether the current physical line is a new
logical line or the continuation of a logical
line.


Output to the Standard Error Stream---"estream.h"
-------------------------------------------------

### Introduction

It is intended that all output to the standard
error stream flow through the interface provided
by the estream.h header.
  The estream functions abort (N2176 7.22.4.1)
on failure. Wheras the purpose of the standard
error stream is to communicate to the user any
program errors, continuing execution after an
error occurs on the standard error stream would
tend to mislead the user. And knowingly
misleading the user is unacceptable.

### Functions

  The estream_reset function initializes internal
objects and prepares the program for processing
output destined for the standard error stream.
Unless the estream_reset function is called
before writing to the standard error stream,
the behavior of the estream interface is undefined.
  The estream_endline function starts a new
logical line on a new physical line.
  The estream_flush function prompts the host
system to display the text in the internal
buffer by completing a line. A call to
estream_flush should be necessary only during
normal program termination.
  The estream_putc function sends #0 the
internal buffer.
  The estream_put_blank_line function writes a
blank line.
  The estream_wrap function starts a new
physical line and continues the current logical
line.
  The estream_room function returns the number
of positions on the current line which are
available for writing printing characters. The
estream_room function is intended to support
formatting such as word wrap.
